joining us on the 8th of October which
you know that day might not mean
anything to you off the bat but it's a
significant day October 8th on October
8th 1871 a forest fire destroyed
Peshtigo Wisconsin killed up to 2,500
people the deadliest wildfire in
recorded history also on this day also
in 1871 the Great Fire of Chicago killed
200 people destroyed more than 4 square
miles of buildings and the original
Emancipation Proclamation on October 8th
1940 during troops occupied Romania on
October 8th 1952 112 people were killed
in Britain's worst peacetime rail crash
and on October 8th 1970 this baby was
born and mutated into the monster now
known as Matt Damon
and somewhere right now Matt is
celebrating by eating and a free ice
cream sundae all alone at IHOP you know
for whatever reason matt has a star on
the Hollywood Walk of Fame can we get a
shot of that and because I am the bigger
man I thought it would be nice to put
aside our differences and what oh my god
oh no that's not you hate to see that
happen on this such event anyway Matt
Damon's birthday is a good reminder that
there are bad things happening in this
country that have nothing to do with the
president at all
it was another in peachy-keen day in
Washington Congress today was supposed
to hear testimony from Trump's
ambassador to the European Union a man
named Gordon Sandlin he was scheduled to
spill the borscht between before three
House committees today regarding several
very suspicious text messages he sent on
the subject of Ukraine but the White
House put the brakes on that sana and
flew all the way from Belgium only to be
told in the middle of the night he was
not permitted to testify the president
wrote I would love to send ambassadors
on land a really good man and great
American to testify but unfortunately
he'd be testifying before a totally
compromised kangaroo court where
Republicans rights have been taken away
in true facts are not allowed out for
the public to see importantly ambassador
silence tweet it was a text by the way
not between which fewer report stated I
believe you're incorrect about president
Trump's intentions the president has
been crystal clear no quid pro quos of
any kind that says it all and believe it
or not that doesn't say at all the tax
the president is referencing is from a
conversation between Sunland and the
former ambassador to Ukraine a guy named
Bill Taylor now keep in mind Trump
mysteriously put about four hundred
million dollars in military aid that was
supposed to go to Ukraine on hold a few
days before he asked the Ukrainian
president to investigate hunter Biden
Joe Biden's son so on September 1st the
ambassador wrote are we now saying that
security assistance and White House
meeting are conditioned on
investigations and Sandlin wrote back
call me well
and that doesn't sound fishy at all and
so he called him and about a week later
Taylor wrote as I said on the phone I
think it's crazy to withhold security
assistance for help with a political
campaign which is essentially what
Trump's going to be impeached for so
Sandlin doesn't respond to that until
the next morning when suddenly he has
changed his tune significantly and
writes bill I believe you are incorrect
about president Trump's intentions the
president has been crystal clear no quid
pro quos of any kind the president is
trying to evaluate whether Ukraine is
truly going to adopt the transparency
and reforms of President Solinsky
promise for his campaign I suggest we
stop the back-and-forth by text yeah
I'll bet you do you still have concerns
I recommend you give Lisa Kenna or ass a
call to discuss them directly Thanks
like a guilty husband who found out his
wife got into his DMS five hours of
silence and then madam I would never
have sex with you I'm a married man
how dare you attempt to copulate with me
and the big lead question of course is
after he got that text about withholding
the aid money did Sandlin call Donald
Trump and the answer is yes he did in
the five hours between the messages he
called the president directly then
texted this crystal-clear message back
to cover the president's big orange ass
and that is what says it all so the
White House this afternoon sent an
eight-page letter to Democrats in the
house telling him they will not
cooperate with the impeachment inquiry
there were also withholding text
messages from solomon's personal phone
because that's what innocent presidents
do and this guy Gordon Sun lady he got
the job of the ambassador to the EU
areas after he donated a million dollars
to Trump's inauguration fund so still is
obvious that the White House thinks he
knows too much although in this
administration if you know anything you
know too much and while we absolutely
should have the opportunity to hear his
testimony really we don't need to hear
his testimony we already have the White
House own transcript of the call with
Ukrainian president where Trump
specifically asked him to investigate
the Biden's days after suddenly
withholding their military aid so the
New York Times today reported that a
White House official was
online during the call said Trump's
behavior was crazy and frightening like
it is on most perfect calls time says
the official told the whistleblower the
White House lawyers were trying to
figure out what to do after the call
because in their words the President had
clearly committed a criminal act by
urging a foreign power to investigate a
u.s. person for the purposes of
advancing his own re-election bid in
2020 oops
how dumb is this guy I mean he's so dumb
and these jackals who rally around if
these guys aren't so desperately trying
to defend something they know nothing
about and they're doing it by
discrediting the very House of
Representatives they are in I would sure
like to see the Volcker testimony
released before we continue the
depositions and transcribed interviews
and what we see in this impeachment is a
kangaroo court and chairman shift is
acting like a malicious Captain Kangaroo
this entire thing is a political charade
is a clown show yeah I will not argue
with that this is a clown show and we
have president running it so as is
impeachment ramps up the president is
melting down he said to be so paranoid
about leakers in his White House he
wants everyone in the White House to
submit the lie-detector test which I
have three words of that you go first
[Applause]
to all his staffers well I have to say I
actually love this idea I think Donald
Trump may have just stumbled on the idea
for his next big reality show I would
watch the hell out of everyone taking a
lie detector it's kind of unbelievable
guy who lies he's like like more than
12,000 times since he took office wants
to give other people a lie detector this
is like poop in your pants and walking
around yelling someone in here stinks
meanwhile with all this hell breaking
loose where in the world this Trump's
old pal Sean Spicer
[Music]
[Applause]
somehow show Spicer is skilled Dancing
with the Stars
Lamar Odom got eliminated last night
Porter Lamar Higa but he will not go
home empty-handed now watch Lamar Odom
on the left here B as he makes an
unprecedented Dancing with the Stars
move baby that was so good I have two
things I like we were all come like I
can't even speak I was so excited just
you keeping that face for your office
that's really when you're that tall you
don't hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you want to
see all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on